Workspace Members. Add missing metadata fields for various resource types. (#36)
turbot/terraform-provider-steampipecloud: CHANGELOG.md

## 0.5.0 (July 20, 2022)

FEATURES:

* **New Resource:** `steampipecloud_organization_workspace_member`

> * `resources/steampipecloud_connection`: Add fields - `created_at`, `updated_at`, `created_by`, `updated_by`, `version_id`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `resources/steampipecloud_connection`: Add `created_at`, `updated_at`, `created_by`, `updated_by`, and `version_id` attributes
```

Please update the other lines below as well

* `resources/steampipecloud_organization`: Add fields - `created_by`, `updated_by`
* `resources/steampipecloud_organization_member`: Add fields - `created_by`, `updated_by`, `scope`

> * `resources/steampipecloud_organization_member`: Modify the way organization members are listed i.e. use the `List` call instead of `Invited` and `Accepted` calls that was used previously

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `resources/steampipecloud_organization_member`: Modify the way organization members are listed, i.e. use the `List` call instead of `Invited` and `Accepted` calls that were used previously
```
